create templates for github issue and pr (#2721)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Description
<!--
Include issue references (e.g., fixes [#issue](link))

> include check boxs to describe the tesps to do or have been done

Reviewer: This is typo I think: 
```suggestion
include check boxes to describe the tasks to do or have been done
```

Include necessary implementation details, including clarifications, disclaimers etc, related to the approach used(e.g. I opted to use this algorithm because ... and test it in this way ...).
-->

### Changelog
<!--
Include changelog entry (e.g. Fixed an unexpected change in recenter button when resuming the app.).
See https://github.com/mapbox/navigation-sdks/blob/main/documentation/android-changelog-guidelines.md.
You can remove the changelog block and add a `skip changelog` label, when applicable.
 -->

>  <changelog></changelog>

Reviewer 2: We maintain a running changelog in CHANGELOG.md, so there can be a reminder to update that file, but we shouldn’t encourage contributors to add a changelog entry here because it’ll get lost in the mix.

Author: I see. Thanks for the suggestion! I'll remove this part!

### Screenshots or Gifs
<!-- Include media files to provide additional context. It's REALLY useful for UI related PRs (e.g. ![screenshot gif](link)) -->

<!--
---------- CHECKLIST ----------
1. Add related labels (`bug`, `feature`, `new API(s)`, `SEMVER-MAJOR`, `needs-backporting`, etc.).
2. Update progress status on the project board.
3. Request a review from the team, if not a draft.
4. Add targeted milestone, when applicable.

> 5. Create ticket tracking addition of public documentation pages entry, when applicable.

Reviewer 2: These steps are only applicable to Mapbox employees. Maybe we should say so to avoid confusing external contributors.
